d:\Users\Alizee\Desktop\Трекер\Трекер\bin\Debug\Трекер.exe.config
d:\Users\Alizee\Desktop\Трекер\Трекер\bin\Debug\Трекер.exe
d:\Users\Alizee\Desktop\Трекер\Трекер\bin\Debug\Трекер.pdb
d:\Users\Alizee\Desktop\Трекер\Трекер\obj\Debug\Трекер.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Users\Alizee\Desktop\Трекер\Трекер\obj\Debug\Трекер.Form1.resources
d:\Users\Alizee\Desktop\Трекер\Трекер\obj\Debug\Трекер.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\Users\Alizee\Desktop\Трекер\Трекер\obj\Debug\Трекер.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
d:\Users\Alizee\Desktop\Трекер\Трекер\obj\Debug\Трекер.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
d:\Users\Alizee\Desktop\Трекер\Трекер\obj\Debug\Трекер.exe
d:\Users\Alizee\Desktop\Трекер\Трекер\obj\Debug\Трекер.pdb
d:\Users\Alizee\Desktop\Трекер\Трекер\obj\Debug\Трекер.Form2.resources
d:\Users\Alizee\Desktop\Трекер\Трекер\bin\Debug\Awesomium.Core.dll
d:\Users\Alizee\Desktop\Трекер\Трекер\bin\Debug\Awesomium.Windows.Forms.dll
d:\Users\Alizee\Desktop\Трекер\Трекер\bin\Debug\Awesomium.Core.xml
d:\Users\Alizee\Desktop\Трекер\Трекер\bin\Debug\Awesomium.Windows.Forms.xml
d:\Users\Alizee\Desktop\Трекер\Трекер\bin\Debug\awesomium.dll
d:\Users\Alizee\Desktop\Трекер\Трекер\bin\Debug\icudt.dll
d:\Users\Alizee\Desktop\Трекер\Трекер\bin\Debug\avcodec-53.dll
d:\Users\Alizee\Desktop\Трекер\Трекер\bin\Debug\avformat-53.dll
d:\Users\Alizee\Desktop\Трекер\Трекер\bin\Debug\avutil-51.dll
d:\Users\Alizee\Desktop\Трекер\Трекер\bin\Debug\libEGL.dll
d:\Users\Alizee\Desktop\Трекер\Трекер\bin\Debug\libGLESv2.dll
d:\Users\Alizee\Desktop\Трекер\Трекер\bin\Debug\awesomium_process
d:\Users\Alizee\Desktop\Трекер\Трекер\bin\Debug\inspector.pak
d:\Users\Alizee\Desktop\Трекер\Трекер\bin\Debug\xinput9_1_0.dll
d:\Users\Alizee\Desktop\Трекер\Трекер\bin\Debug\pdf_js.pak
d:\Users\Alizee\Desktop\Трекер\Трекер\obj\Debug\Трекер.csproj.CopyComplete
d:\Users\Alizee\Desktop\Трекер\Трекер\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
d:\Users\Alizee\Desktop\Трекер\Трекер\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
d:\Users\Alizee\Desktop\Трекер\Трекер\bin\Debug\GMap.NET.Core.dll
d:\Users\Alizee\Desktop\Трекер\Трекер\bin\Debug\GMap.NET.WindowsForms.dll
d:\Users\Alizee\Desktop\Трекер\Трекер\bin\Debug\GMap.NET.WindowsPresentation.dll
d:\Users\Alizee\Desktop\Трекер\Трекер\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\Users\Alizee\Desktop\Трекер\Трекер\bin\Debug\System.Data.SqlClient.dll
d:\Users\Alizee\Desktop\Трекер\Трекер\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
d:\Users\Alizee\Desktop\Трекер\Трекер\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
d:\Users\Alizee\Desktop\Трекер\Трекер\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
d:\Users\Alizee\Desktop\Трекер\Трекер\bin\Debug\System.Security.Principal.Windows.dll
d:\Users\Alizee\Desktop\Трекер\Трекер\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
d:\Users\Alizee\Desktop\Трекер\Трекер\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
d:\Users\Alizee\Desktop\Трекер\Трекер\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\Users\Alizee\Desktop\Трекер\Трекер\bin\Debug\System.Data.SqlClient.xml
d:\Users\Alizee\Desktop\Трекер\Трекер\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
d:\Users\Alizee\Desktop\Трекер\Трекер\bin\Debug\System.Security.Principal.Windows.xml
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\C#\10\Трекер\bin\Debug\Трекер.exe.config
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\C#\10\Трекер\bin\Debug\Трекер.exe
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\C#\10\Трекер\bin\Debug\Трекер.pdb
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\C#\10\Трекер\bin\Debug\Awesomium.Core.dll
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\C#\10\Трекер\bin\Debug\Awesomium.Windows.Forms.dll
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\C#\10\Трекер\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\C#\10\Трекер\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\C#\10\Трекер\bin\Debug\GMap.NET.Core.dll
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\C#\10\Трекер\bin\Debug\GMap.NET.WindowsForms.dll
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\C#\10\Трекер\bin\Debug\GMap.NET.WindowsPresentation.dll
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\C#\10\Трекер\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\C#\10\Трекер\bin\Debug\System.Data.SqlClient.dll
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\C#\10\Трекер\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\C#\10\Трекер\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\C#\10\Трекер\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\C#\10\Трекер\bin\Debug\System.Security.Principal.Windows.dll
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\C#\10\Трекер\bin\Debug\Awesomium.Core.xml
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\C#\10\Трекер\bin\Debug\Awesomium.Windows.Forms.xml
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\C#\10\Трекер\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\C#\10\Трекер\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\C#\10\Трекер\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\C#\10\Трекер\bin\Debug\System.Data.SqlClient.xml
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\C#\10\Трекер\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\C#\10\Трекер\bin\Debug\System.Security.Principal.Windows.xml
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\C#\10\Трекер\bin\Debug\awesomium.dll
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\C#\10\Трекер\bin\Debug\icudt.dll
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\C#\10\Трекер\bin\Debug\avcodec-53.dll
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\C#\10\Трекер\bin\Debug\avformat-53.dll
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\C#\10\Трекер\bin\Debug\avutil-51.dll
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\C#\10\Трекер\bin\Debug\libEGL.dll
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\C#\10\Трекер\bin\Debug\libGLESv2.dll
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\C#\10\Трекер\bin\Debug\awesomium_process
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\C#\10\Трекер\bin\Debug\inspector.pak
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\C#\10\Трекер\bin\Debug\xinput9_1_0.dll
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\C#\10\Трекер\bin\Debug\pdf_js.pak
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\C#\10\Трекер\obj\Debug\Трекер.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\C#\10\Трекер\obj\Debug\Трекер.Form1.resources
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\C#\10\Трекер\obj\Debug\Трекер.Form2.resources
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\C#\10\Трекер\obj\Debug\Трекер.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\C#\10\Трекер\obj\Debug\Трекер.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\C#\10\Трекер\obj\Debug\Трекер.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\C#\10\Трекер\obj\Debug\Трекер.csproj.CopyComplete
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\C#\10\Трекер\obj\Debug\Трекер.exe
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\C#\10\Трекер\obj\Debug\Трекер.pdb
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Grade 10\Трекер\bin\Debug\Трекер.exe.config
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Grade 10\Трекер\bin\Debug\Трекер.exe
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Grade 10\Трекер\bin\Debug\Трекер.pdb
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Grade 10\Трекер\bin\Debug\Awesomium.Core.dll
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Grade 10\Трекер\bin\Debug\Awesomium.Windows.Forms.dll
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Grade 10\Трекер\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Grade 10\Трекер\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Grade 10\Трекер\bin\Debug\GMap.NET.Core.dll
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Grade 10\Трекер\bin\Debug\GMap.NET.WindowsForms.dll
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Grade 10\Трекер\bin\Debug\GMap.NET.WindowsPresentation.dll
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Grade 10\Трекер\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Grade 10\Трекер\bin\Debug\System.Data.SqlClient.dll
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Grade 10\Трекер\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Grade 10\Трекер\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Grade 10\Трекер\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Grade 10\Трекер\bin\Debug\System.Security.Principal.Windows.dll
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Grade 10\Трекер\bin\Debug\Awesomium.Core.xml
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Grade 10\Трекер\bin\Debug\Awesomium.Windows.Forms.xml
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Grade 10\Трекер\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Grade 10\Трекер\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Grade 10\Трекер\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Grade 10\Трекер\bin\Debug\System.Data.SqlClient.xml
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Grade 10\Трекер\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Grade 10\Трекер\bin\Debug\System.Security.Principal.Windows.xml
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Grade 10\Трекер\bin\Debug\awesomium.dll
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Grade 10\Трекер\bin\Debug\icudt.dll
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Grade 10\Трекер\bin\Debug\avcodec-53.dll
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Grade 10\Трекер\bin\Debug\avformat-53.dll
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Grade 10\Трекер\bin\Debug\avutil-51.dll
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Grade 10\Трекер\bin\Debug\libEGL.dll
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Grade 10\Трекер\bin\Debug\libGLESv2.dll
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Grade 10\Трекер\bin\Debug\awesomium_process
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Grade 10\Трекер\bin\Debug\inspector.pak
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Grade 10\Трекер\bin\Debug\xinput9_1_0.dll
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Grade 10\Трекер\bin\Debug\pdf_js.pak
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Grade 10\Трекер\obj\Debug\Трекер.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Grade 10\Трекер\obj\Debug\Трекер.Form1.resources
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Grade 10\Трекер\obj\Debug\Трекер.Form2.resources
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Grade 10\Трекер\obj\Debug\Трекер.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Grade 10\Трекер\obj\Debug\Трекер.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Grade 10\Трекер\obj\Debug\Трекер.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Grade 10\Трекер\obj\Debug\Трекер.csproj.CopyComplete
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Grade 10\Трекер\obj\Debug\Трекер.exe
d:\Users\bruce\Desktop\Grade 10\Трекер\obj\Debug\Трекер.pdb
